I think one of the biggest tips that you can have a deal with grief is
sometimes people use is a cop out answer. But really, the only thing
that really deals with grief is time separation. And when I when I'm
speaking with individual who's who's angry, first of all, ah, much
quieter and I'm allowing them to really, um, lead the conversation.
But then to tell them and allow them to understand that it's not always
going to feel this way. And for anybody who's experienced death,
they don't feel ast. Time goes by, they think about it less and less,
and it becomes less, uh and therefore front of their mind. And
so I would say the best thing and best advice is, uh, time could only
heal it. It does stink, and it is hard and is difficult, and you don't
you don't place parameters around what they're going through. But
to understand that time will heal